GoodNewsEveryone! is a "reactive ability" alert addon.  If will display proc buffs the player should know about for decision making, and abilities that are only available under certain conditions.  GNE! is inspired by OhSnap's design and MSBT's triggers.

h2. Supported class buffs

Please note that "reactive" abilities like "Kill Shot":http://www.wowhead.com/?spell=53351 are not listed here as they are provided by the Blizzard Combat Text events.  Also buffs that the player won't make decisions based on are not tracked by GNE!  For example, "Holy Concentration":http://www.wowhead.com/?search=Holy+Concentration

If you think I've missed an ability for your class and have confirmed that it is not supported as a reactive ability, please open an issue on "Github":http://github.com/tekkub/GoodNewsEveryone/issues

* Death Knight: Freezing Fog, Killing Machine
* Priest: Surge of Light, Serendipity, Essence of Life
* Paladin: Light's Grace, Infusion of Light, The Art of War
* Shaman: Tidal waves, Maelstrom Weapon, Clearcasting
* Druid: Omen of Clarity, Eclipse
* Hunter: Lock and Load
* Mage: Missle Barrage, Impact, Hot Streak, Firestarter, Fingers of Frost, Brain Freeze
* Warlock: Backdraft, Backlash, Decimation, Eradication, Molten Core, Nightfall
* Warrior: Bloodsurge, Sudden Death

h2. Links

<b>Visit "my site":http://tekkub.net/ for more great addons<br>
Please report all bugs and feature requests to my "Github tracker":http://github.com/tekkub/GoodNewsEveryone/issues<br>
Please direct all feedback and questions to my "Google Groups":http://groups-beta.google.com/group/tekkub-wow mailinglist.</b>
